markdown/en/ABOUT.md, before:

# Initial Motive

The idea and motivation of the project came to us when we started to build and maintain an open-source package that we were sure would benefit many other Iranians, but might not easily be findable. There are various repositories like Awesome Lists for collecting and showcasing Iranian projects, but they are mostly limited and outdated. So we started thinking about collecting Iranian open-source repositories and "Matnbaz" was born. (Matnbaz means "open-source" in Persian and is pronounced |matn baaz|)

# Evolution of Matnbaz

As we continued to build Matnbaz, we noticed there are many other things we could do with all the repositories and users, so new features like collections, selections and user charts got added to the project.

In the meantime, our community was growing, so we created a blog for community members to write posts in.

# Future of Matnbaz

We have many plans for the future of Matnbaz, which you can see in the [roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/matnbaz/projects/1/) page.

Commit message:

feat(Web): Update the "Future of matnbaz" section of About page

markdown/en/ABOUT.md, after:

# Initial Motive

The idea and motivation of the project came to us when we started to build and maintain an open-source package that we were sure would benefit many other Iranians, but might not easily be findable. There are various repositories like Awesome Lists for collecting and showcasing Iranian projects, but they are mostly limited and outdated. So we started thinking about collecting Iranian open-source repositories and "Matnbaz" was born. (Matnbaz means "open-source" in Persian and is pronounced |matn baaz|)

# Evolution of Matnbaz

As we continued to build Matnbaz, we noticed there are many other things we could do with all the repositories and users, so new features like collections, selections and user charts got added to the project.

In the meantime, our community was growing, so we created a blog for community members to write posts in.

# Future of Matnbaz

We are planning to create solutions for Iranian open-source maintainers. The absence of services like Patreon and Open Collective is felt in the Iranian open-source community. We are planning to either somehow integrate them with Iranian Rial or create a similar platform.

We also love to hold events related to the open-source, like hackathons and programming competitions.

You can see some other things we're working on in the [roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/matnbaz/projects/1/) page.
